= Sirius Ruby Win32 Client Overview

This is the client library for Sirius Test Automation Platform for Ruby programming language designed to provide interface for Win32 applications 

= Installation

Ruby client library is delivered as GEM package and can be installed using the following command:

  gem install sirius-client-win32

After that the library can be accessible and can be included using

  reguire 'sirius.rb'


= Sample usage

Once you have an access to Sirius Client classes you can use them as an ordinary code. 
Typically you just have to initialize the connection to Sirius Server. It's done while creating new
instance of any library object. 

For Win32 operations there's dedicated client class which serves as main entry point for all client API calls. So, win32 client is typically initialized in the following way:

  @client = Sirius::Client::Win32::Win32.new
  
or if we want to explicitly define the Sirius Server location we should use:

  @client = Sirius::Client::Win32::Win32.new "my_host", "8080"

This instruction will connect to the server instance listening the http://my_host:8080 host. By default the connection is set up for the following URL: http://localhost:21212 .

After that we can start using client classes.

For more details please refer to {Sirius Ruby Web Client API documentation}[http://rubydoc.info/gems/sirius-client-win32].

= Win32 Client high-level API

For the purpose of better abstractions on core API and to reflect the application under test structure better there's the high-level API which provides such entities as Window, Control. This API wraps the core code and hides the actual calls to server side methods.

For more details please refer to the {Win32 Client: Win32 interaction}[https://github.com/mkolisnyk/Sirius/wiki/Win32-Client:-Win32-interaction] project Wiki page.

= Authors

Myk Kolisnyk ({kolesnik.nickolay@gmail.com}[mailto://kolesnik.nickolay@gmail.com])

= Links  

* {GitHub project}[https://github.com/mkolisnyk/Sirius]
* {Dedicated blog entries}[http://mkolisnyk.blogspot.co.uk/search/label/Sirius]
